Import the required libraries 
pandas,numpy,matplotlib,sklearn,seaborn.
Pandas is a Python library. Pandas is used to analyze data.
NumPy is a Python library used for working with arrays. It also has functions for working in domain of linear algebra, fourier transform, and matrices.NumPy can be used to perform a wide variety of mathematical operations on arrays. 
Matplotlib is a library used for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python.
Sklearn provides a selection of efficient tools for machine learning and statistical modeling including classification, regression, clustering and dimensionality reduction via a consistence interface in Python.
Seaborn is a library used for making statistical graphics in Python.

Load the csv file "train.csv" and store in a variable df.

print the head, info and description of the dataset. This provides the summary of the data like mean , median , mode, count, quartile, standard deviation.

use df. isna(). sum() to return the number of missing values in each column.

use bar plot or count plot to show the counts of observations in each categorical bin using bars for the column fetal health.

print the column names stored in the variable clmn1 and clmn2.

split the data into x_train, x_test, y_train ,y_test using train_test_split from the library sklearn.

visualize the correlation between the variables using heatmap .To make it more attractive can apply colours . the default color will be red.

use a boxplot to visualize every columns.

drop_outliers() is used to drop all the outlier and visualize the data in the box plot. A comparision between before removing outlier and after removing outlier will be helpful to understand the difference.

StandardScaler() function to standardize the data values into a standard format. we initially create an object of the StandardScaler() function. we use fit_transform() along with the assigned object x_train and x_test transform the data and standardize it.

print the x_train and x_test

KNN is a supervised machine learning (ML) algorithm that can be used for classification or regression . We us classifier.fit() with assigned object x_train and y_train.

store the predicted value from x_test in the variable y_pred

print the accuracy score for the object y_pred and y_test.

store the predicted value from test_set in the variable y_pre and print the value.

assign the predicted value , y_pred to a variable and store the result in a csv file.






